# Exercise 2.3.3 : 
**In the form of relational algebra implemented in SQL, relations
are not sets, but bags; that is, tuples are allowed to appear more than
once. There are extended definitions of union, intersection, and difference for
bags, which we shall define below. Write MapReduce algorithms for computing
the following operations on bags R and S:
(a) Bag Union, defined to be the bag of tuples in which tuple t appears the
sum of the numbers of times it appears in R and S.
(b) Bag Intersection, defined to be the bag of tuples in which tuple t appears
the minimum of the numbers of times it appears in R and S.
(c) Bag Difference, defined to be the bag of tuples in which the number of
times a tuple t appears is equal to the number of times it appears in R
minus the number of times it appears in S. A tuple that appears more
times in S than in R does not appear in the difference.**




**solution :**<br>
 
(a)<br>
Map function : return (t,t) for each tuple t.<br>
Reduce function : take (t,t) and return (t,t).
  
(b)<br>
Map function 1 : return ((t,R(S)),1) for each tuple in R (or S).<br>
Reduce function 1 : take ((t,R(S)),[1,...,1]) and return ((t,R(S)),sum[1,..,1]=m(n)).<br>
Map function 2 : take ((t,R(S)),m(n)) and return (t,m(n)).<br>
Reduce function 2 : take (t,[m,n]) and return (t,min(m,n)=k).<br>
Map function 3 : return (t,k) and return (t,k).<br>
Reduce function 3 : take (t,k) and return k tuple(t,t).<br>

(c)<br>
Map function 1 : return ((t,R(S)),1) for each tuple in R (or S).<br>
Reduce function 1 : take ((t,R(S)),[1,...,1]) and return ((t,R(S)),sum[1,..,1]=m(n)).<br>
Map function 2 : take ((t,R(S)),m(n)) and return (t,m(n)).<br>
Reduce function 2 : take (t,[m,n]) and return (t,m-n=k).<br>
Map function 3 : return (t,k) and return (t,k).<br>
Reduce function 3 : take (t,k) and return k tuple(t,t).
